reason;
Because many people in the city will choose to open up a few acres of land at home after work, and then plant some flowers or some vegetables and fruits, because this can relax the mood and relieve the pressure of work while also exercising. But as people living in the city, most of them have no planting experience. They don’t know how to choose the seeds that suit them. In addition, whether the price of the seeds is fair and the quality of the seeds is also hard to be guaranteed, because It need some time for consumers to judge its quality. So based on the above problems, we decided to create a platfrom for seeds with three major service items that can purchased , consulted, and after-sales。

Impact: Our current reality is that compared with the past ,where rural areas were the largest consumption market for seeds, the demand for seeds in cities is also rising. In addition, the profits behind the urban seed market are very substantial, and most of these profits are occupied by some large seed companies and their outsourcers. So consumers are a disadvantaged group in the urban seed market, the purpose of our platform is to bypass all middlemen and directly communicate and cooperate face-to-face with the factories that produce seeds. While reducing the price of seeds, we can also represent the majority of consumers to monitor the quality of the seeds supply by these factories.



Who;
The main audience of our platform are people who live in the city and want to buy seeds,  and factory owners who need to sell a lot of seeds. Because it is difficult for consumers to directly contact or sign an agreement with the owner of the seed factory, what our platform has to do is to sign an agreement with the owner of the seed factory, and then introduce and sell the seeds of their factory to consumers. Based on the rapid development of the Internet, the large number of consumers and the relatively scattered distribution of seed factories, the method we adopted is to reach my audience through various social media.



what;
We believe that the team’s constraints mainly come from two aspects: technology and customer contact. Because we are just university students, whether its technical aspects of building a website platform, or in expanding the market and business negotiation, ours ability and experience are still very insufficient.
